Transcript\n\nWe have made it back to one of our\nfavorite places in the world,\n>> Queensland.\n>> Although we have spent quite a bit of\ntime traveling around this state, this\nis our first time doing it with a\ncaravan in tow. And well, that might be\nobvious this week.\n>> What was that?\n>> I think you're going to hit the tree.\n>> Am I hitting it?\n>> Yeah. Well, stop. I am not used to\nseeing this size of a caravan on a lean.\nDespite the learning curve, we are very\nhappy to be here. Just scatter my ashes\nright here when I die. Just\n>> straight down that clip\n>> right there. So, join us as we take on\nthe next chapter of our lap of Australia\nand see if we can master caravan life\nbefore we hit the next border.\n>> Welcome to Queensland,\nthe land of the best hip camps,\nthe land of the best water holes, the\nland of the clearest waters. The land\nwhere it makes us very happy.\n>> I thought I was excited to be here.\n>> We made it.\n>> We're in the tropical north. This camp\nthat we're at looks more outback\nQueensland, but we're like right on the\nedge of outback Queensland and tropical\nNorth Queensland. And yes, we're very,\nvery happy to be here.\n>> Obviously, if you missed last week's\nvideo, I drove 3 days. My voice just\nbroke. Let's try that again. We drove 3\ndays and I did like 13-hour days of\ndriving to escape 40° heat, 100%\nhumidity. It was actually crazy. And we\nhad never experienced anything like\nthat. and we don't plan to experience\nanything like that ever again. So, what\nis the first thing you do when you come\nto Queensland, you ask?\n>> You go and see a water hole. So, that's\nwhat we're going to do.\n>> This is somewhere that I have always\nwanted to go, but I just have the vision\nof like the end location and I have done\nzero research on actually how to get\nthere. So, we might have a huge hike\nthis morning. Sorry to tell you that,\nbut\n>> that's okay. I'm ready to go.\nYou're very in a good mood this morning,\naren't you?\n>> I'm in a great mood.\n[Music]\n>> Yes.\n>> Hello. I wonder if they say hello to us\nagain.\n>> What noises do you make to horses?\n>> No.\n>> No.\n>> No. Hello, beautiful horse. Oh,\n>> here he comes.\n>> Oh, he's making the noise. He's making\nthe noise. Come on. Come on. Come on.\nHi.\n>> I am very scared right now walking up to\nthis horse, but I'm doing it anyway.\nHello. How are you? Good morning. Good\nmorning. Good morning. I'm a good\nperson, I swear. Be nice to me. That's a\nbig animal.\n>> Hello.\n>> Good morning.\n>> Good morning.\nYou're beautiful. Yes, you are. You're\nbeautiful.\n>> You are a animal. A beautiful animal.\n>> Wow.\n>> You wanna You want to come in the\ncaravan?\n>> Yeah. Caravan. You want to come in the\ncaravan? Look at you, mate. You are an\nabsolute specimen.\n>> Wow.\n>> Oh, I think it's a girl, actually.\n>> I've never really been around horses\nbefore in my entire life. No.\n>> Only Well, this is really only the third\ntime I've been around a horse, and it's\nstill like a little bit\n>> intimidating.\n>> Yeah.\n>> But you are beautiful. Yes, you are. You\nare beautiful.\nThey're so gentle and I actually have\nwatched some videos about horses and and\nhow loving the relationship between the\nowner and the horse is.\n>> Mhm.\n>> They're very special animals. Oh,\n>> good morning. Be careful of that.\n>> Far out. Anyway, there you go. That's\nwhy hip camps are the best, guys. We're\ngoing to give you a tour of our hip camp\nlater on, but that's one of the reasons\nwe love coming hip camps is cuz they've\nalways got something interesting going\non.\n[Music]\nThis is the story of my life. I take my\nfuel cap off and fill up the tank and\nthen it goes empty very quickly.\nThis is the story of my life.\nI fill up my tank and I\ndrown in sorrow.\nI think about all my choices in life.\nHave I made the right choice? Should I\nhave bought a Ford Ranger\nand saved on fuel?\nSee, you don't need to do music over the\ntop now. Just play that. Copyright free.\n>> Oh my goodness gracious me. Are we\nalready on 60 bucks? All right, I'm\nstopping there. That's it.\n>> Look, look, look, look, look. All right,\nI'm pulling over on a bench.\n>> See why we love Queensland.\nOh,\n>> it's a casawary, guys.\n>> Look at that. Look at the size of it.\nThat is impressive and beautiful.\n>> Where else in the world can you just\nturn a random corner and just see a\npeacock and some geese and it's like a\nlittle fairy tale around it? a huntsman\nin your car or in your caravan window\nlike we got on our first day here. Megan\nwalked out and there was this massive\nmassive huntsman on the window. Are you\ncareful, Megan? I I don't I don't have a\nclue what that thing's going to do.\nWe are parked up on a very bad angle\nright now.\nSorry, mate.\n[Applause]\nHave a go at it. It's huge, mate. How\ncool is that? I wonder.\n[Laughter]\n>> I knew it. I knew I could speak peacock.\n>> All right. Whoa.\n>> It actually sounds sick.\n>> Maybe louder. Huh?\n>> Don't do that.\n>> Too much orca. Doesn't that sound a\nlittle orca-ish?\n>> It doesn't sound\nShe's in love.\n>> Just scatter my ashes right here. When I\ndie,\n>> just straight down that clip\n>> right there.\n>> No worries. Done.\n>> Even just lay my dead body on the grass.\nLet the casawaries have at it. I'll\nstill be happy.\n>> Casaries don't eat flesh, I don't think.\n>> Well, why did why are they attacking\npeople often?\n>> Because people try and feed them.\n>> Yeah. And then when you try and feed a\ncasery, they chase you.\n>> We've seen it.\n>> Yeah, we've seen it. Yeah.\n>> Anyway, we've come to Tali Gorge\nNational Park. We just come to the gorge\nlookout. First of all,\n>> we're here late in the season. So,\n>> yeah, she's not flowing, but it's still\nabsolutely stunning.\n>> When we say it's not flowing, it's not\neven flowing a bit. But this isn't where\nyou want to come, eh?\n>> No. So, I want to go I'm pretty sure you\ncan hike over there.\n>> Look how f Look at that. Well, you don't\nhike from here to there. No,\n>> we actually didn't even do our\ndirections properly, so we don't really\nknow how to get there. But I know that\nyou can get there.\n>> Look at that backdrop. That is amazing.\n>> Because I've wanted to come here ever\nsince our first lap of Australia, but\nit's always sort of confused me because\nyou'll be hugging the coast and you'll\ngo through the town of Tali and then\nthat's when I remember, oh gosh, yeah, I\nwant to go to Tully Gorge. You actually\ncan't access it from there. You've got\nto be over on this side. So hopefully we\ncan actually get there.\n>> Yeah, it'll be\n>> Oh god, there's a huge monster.\nOh, Megan, it's just a fly. It's just a\nfly. Oh my god,\n>> that is a huge huge monster.\n>> Oh my god, you scared the crap out of\nme. That is the culprit right there. A\ntiny little fly smaller than my\nfingernail.\nSo imagine what she does when she sees a\nhunt.\n>> It wasn't the fly that I saw then.\nIt was a March fly\ncrying.\n>> You just looked at that fly and you said\nin your head that was definitely the\nfly. No. See the fly.\n>> I need glasses.\n>> Anyway, that was the fly.\nLet's go see if we can find this spot\nMegan wants to visit.\n>> Megan,\nwhat are you doing?\n>> I just need to be used to being in the\ntropics again.\n>> No. No,\n>> joke.\n>> Wait, but where is we bridge? Maybe\nmaybe we just go for a drive and see\nwhere\n>> Well,\n>> the road ends.\n>> Not again.\n[Music]\n>> Warning.\n>> Um, okay.\n>> Where is where is we bridge?\n>> I don't know.\n>> Right.\n>> How bad could it be? Like there'll be\nsomewhere to turn around. We can just go\nfor a little leisurely drive, I guess,\n>> and then just say, \"Sorry,\n[Music]\n>> we're driving. We're going.\n>> I'm not driving all this way.\" It\nprobably just means something else.\n>> Yeah, it might be further than where we\nwant to go. Y\n>> We're getting good at finding these\nsigns, aren't we?\nYou're joking. Oh well, it is what it\nis, eh? We'll have to try next time.\nAnother excuse for another lap.\n>> 4 years.\n>> That's actually\n>> 4 years. I've wanted to come here.\n>> That's beautiful. We'll pop a photo up\nso you can enjoy the view cuz we ain't\ngoing to. Oh well.\n>> Oh well.\n>> Still happy to be here. Let's hope to\nsee a casery on the way out. That'll\njust top it off. E,\n>> what do you want to do now today?\n>> Go buy some food, empty the toilet. Fun.\nThrow some rubbish in the bin. Just uh\ncaravan things.\n>> We actually realized today. Oh gosh,\n>> that bloody fly followed me.\n>> I told you they hurt.\n>> It was big.\n>> Yeah,\n>> you're joking. Oh my gosh. if you're not\nfrom Australia and you don't know. Um,\nso actually even just Queens, I think\nit's like a this part of Australia thing\nbecause in WA we have sand flies which\nlike they bloody hurt and they're big,\nbut here it's March flies. I don't know\nif they're like the same sort of breed\nor whatever, but I feel like they hurt\nmore.\n>> Oh yeah. And then the other day I\nrecorded a fly or whatever it was.\n>> I thought it was an ant.\n>> I'm just going to put the video up here\nfor you. It is ridiculous. Explain to me\nwhat is happening.\n>> Nature in Queensland is honestly crazy.\n>> What is happening here?\nWhat in the world is this fly doing?\nYou're kidding me.\nWhat? What have I just witnessed,\n[Laughter]\n>> Megan? But yeah, we realized yesterday\nthat even though this is our third or\nfourth time traveling Queensland, this\nis actually our first time here\ncaravanning.\n>> So, it's going to be a lot to to get\nused to, I think.\n>> Yeah, it's going to be a big learning\ncurve. The roads here are\n>> like what they are now, you know,\n>> and there's like no error, no room for\nmistake.\n>> Yeah.\n>> So, turn down the wrong road. It's going\nto be it's going to be fun.\n[Music]\nThis is another story on my life.\n>> Are you ready?\n>> I'm ready.\n>> Oh my gosh. I can't believe\n>> I got my 3 kilo.\n>> I'll take that one. I cannot believe\nthat he is agreeing to do a workout with\nme. 10 years almost 11. Never done a\nworkout with me. You really are in a\ngood mood today.\n>> Yeah, it's because your bloody workouts\nare ridiculous.\n>> So, we're into month three on the road\nnow. So, we're like, okay, enough is\nenough. We need to get back into the\nactual routine. Cuz month one was kind\nof like we're on a holiday vibe. And\nmonth two was it is so hot. I feel like\nI want to die.\n>> Um, so now we have no excuses into month\nthree.\n>> Three is Jack gets a 12-pack.\nYou actually you would be the type of\nperson to do one workout and then just\nget such a hot body instantly.\n>> No, I would not.\n>> I reck Well, how do you know? You never\ntried.\n>> Are you ready?\n>> I thought I had a hot body already.\n>> All right. How do we do this?\n>> You do.\n>> Okay. So, what do we do?\n>> Okay. What do you want to do? Like a\nfull body?\n>> No.\n>> Oh, just arms legs.\n>> Just anything that you tell me to do, I\nwill do. Yeah, we could do we do like a\ncircuit though.\n>> You got me for 25 minutes.\n>> 30.\n>> 30. Fine. I knew it was dirty. I tried\n25.\n[Music]\n>> Try and get this leg down.\n>> How many?\n>> Closer to the How many?\n>> That's nine.\n[Laughter]\nHey, go.\n>> So much fun. It's so important, mate.\nWhat's going on?\n>> Oh, yes.\n[Music]\n[Applause]\n>> It's all\n>> Don't sit down.\n>> Wait, it's all cramping up.\n>> Don't you sit down.\n>> Why is it cramping?\n>> Stand up. Why is it cramping? It's\n>> not in my class.\n>> Why is my legs cramping?\n>> I don't know. Stretch it out.\n[Music]\n>> You want a tip, guys?\nDon't do a workout with the next dancer.\nTrust me.\nLet's go. Let's go. Let's go.\n>> What if your legs came out?\n>> No, I need more of a break.\n>> Okay.\n>> My legs are like\n>> they're like giving way.\n>> Don't sit though. Have somebody\n[Music]\nknow.\n[Music]\n10.\n>> One more.\n>> 50.\n>> 50.\n>> That wasn't easy, man.\n>> No,\n>> that was very hard.\n>> We're both this close to feeling.\n>> Look at all this room for activities.\n>> We'll feel good in like 5 minutes\nthough. Right now, not so good.\nThanks for watching. I'm going to go\ndie.\n>> Thanks for working out with me.\n>> That's the last time you ever see me.\n>> Do it again tomorrow, huh?\n>> Absolutely. Yes. Yes. Yes.\n[Music]\nWhoa. I think there's the biggest storm\nbrewing.\n>> There is.\n>> And it looked so nice looking out this\nwindow here at these ranges and the sun\nwas shining and it looked great. And\nthen look over on that side of the\ncaravan and there was the biggest\ndarkest cloud. And now it's raining just\nas we lit the fire.\n>> I just put so much effort in.\nAnd it was pumping and now it's gone.\n>> Mhm.\n>> My plan was\n>> to put some coals on here and then\n[Music]\ncook up some steaks on there. Oh, and we\nhad potatoes as well.\n>> Oh yeah, maybe it will stop.\n>> I think it's going to stop.\n>> The weather here is a bit indecisive.\n>> Yeah, now is our chance cuz I got good\ncoal there. We'll cook up the steaks.\nWe'll put the potatoes in. But also, I\nwanted to give you a bit of a tour of\nthis hip camp. We got a natural spring\nwater tank over there, which is run by\nsolar. Oh no. Better be careful up the\nfingers.\n>> Oh yeah.\n>> And then we got like a little nice fairy\nlight over there. Little fairy light\nsection. It's more about like this. It's\nso secluded.\n>> Yeah.\n>> And beautiful.\n>> There's only one site here that you can\nbook. So this is it. We got it.\n>> Yeah. It's our kind of camp spot.\n>> Yeah. And the owners are so lovely.\nErica and Johnny just really really\nkind. So\n>> we'll put the link in the description of\nwhere we are.\n>> Yes.\n>> If you want to see it.\n>> That's downstairs. I think it'll stop.\n>> Hopefully,\n>> the rain and not the fire.\n>> Yeah, this is\n>> I'm not saying hopefully your fire will\nstop\n[Music]\n>> when I saw you walking down that hill.\nHead high and shoulders back.\n[Music]\nMoment of\n>> truth.\nIs the potatoes cooked?\n>> Damn.\n>> I'll get a heap of ash in them.\n>> Oh, you put that on the steak.\n>> It's all good. Bit of bit ash on the\nsteak. Look at this guys. Nailed it. I'm\nlike genuinely happy right now. Like\nreally really happy. Look at that.\n>> Wow.\nOh, that's right. Yeah, they're cooked.\nAh, they're a bit hard, but that one's\ncooked. You can have that one. I'll\n>> have to be careful.\n>> They are definitely cooked.\n>> Look at that.\n>> I'll bring you over a plate.\n>> Yep. All right, we'll do that. I've just\nchucked two plates up there. That is\ndefinitely some ash on there.\n>> Yum.\n>> One for you, one for me, one for you,\none for me.\n>> Thanks, chef.\n>> Bit of salt.\nDon't judge our lack of vegetables,\nguys. We're just We're getting back into\nthe fire cooking.\n>> I'll just get a fork and a knife.\n>> Oh, that's cooked.\n>> Oh, that is definitely cooked.\n>> How good.\n>> That is good.\n>> You forget every time just how good\n>> fire cooking is. Hey, it's just a simple\npotato, but it just tastes so much\nbetter.\n>> Does it? I'm going to try it.\nYeah,\n>> that's perfectly cooked.\n>> Oh, wow. It is, too.\n[Music]\n>> Beautiful.\n>> So good.\n>> I've done it, guys.\n>> Wow.\n>> Think about the last time we vlogged\ncooking on a fire.\n>> I know.\n>> It's been a long time, guys. And I\napologize. We're going to do it more.\n>> And every single time we're like, \"Oh my\ngosh, this is so good. Why don't we do\nthis all the time? And um\n>> Wow, it's actually cooked perfectly.\n>> That's perfect.\n>> Anyway, there you go.\n>> Let's go by the fire if we can.\n>> Yeah, we will. Yeah.\n[Music]\n[Music]\nGood morning. Welcome back to Japan.\nWe've come to a little hot spring town.\nMy gosh, that's hot.\n>> Look at this. Look at the steam coming\nout over here. I don't know if you can\nsee it on camera.\n>> It is boiling. I soaked my foot in it.\nBe careful.\n>> Oh my god,\n>> that's crazy. I wasn't expecting that.\n>> If you dived into that, you'd you'd be\nseriously hurt.\n>> Yeah, but I wasn't expecting the sulfur\nsmell. It's not as strong as in Japan,\nbut it's still really really cool. But\nthis isn't like bathing sort of\nconditions, but they do have a a caravan\npark here that you can get a little day\npass to. And I'm pretty sure the springs\nthat they have in there is like the same\nsort of water. So, I was like, what\nbetter place for Jack to rest his sore\nlegs from yesterday's workout. Um, so\nwe're going to go ask if we can get a\nday pass.\n>> Well, this is why we do what we do for\nyou guys. We figure out the stuff.\n>> Well, for you fellow cheap skates.\n>> Yeah, for you fellow cheap skates. We've\njust figured out that we should have\ndefinitely come and stayed at the\ncaravan park. Gives us a free pass to\nthe six hot springs that they've kind of\nbuilt in here. And they they kind they\npump the water up from the bottom and\nthen they've got like different\ntemperatures that range from hot to like\nnot as hot obviously. Um but they want\nto charge us 22 bucks each to come in\nfor a day pass. We're not too keen on\npaying 44 bucks.\n>> Yeah, I think to stay was 50 or\nsomething.\n>> Yeah, we should have done that. We\ndidn't realize.\n>> Yeah, but I like our hip camp as well.\n>> Our hip camp's been wicked. Oh, well, we\nprobably would have got kicked out if we\ntried to go naked anyway since that's\nwhat we're used to now.\n>> Feel so weird doing this with an accent.\n>> Do it.\n>> And then it'll be normal.\n>> She's naked in public. Normal.\n>> Oh, I've still got my jocks on. I'm not\nactually naked.\n>> You got to have to.\n>> My jocks are off. We're fully naked. I\ncan't believe\nyou feel like someone's watching. Kind\nof.\n>> Why are we covering our bits? There's no\none here. feel so free.\n>> Oh wow, it's so hot.\n>> It's too hot.\n>> Oh my god.\n>> Okay, I'm going in.\n>> I'm sitting\non the bear rock\nwith my bottle. That is hot. E.\n>> Okay, we're all packed up, saying\ngoodbye to this beautiful camp. Today's\nmission, now that we've had a bit of a\nfailure this morning and we had a\nfailure yesterday. So today's mission is\ngoing to be find somewhere that is not\nover budget and we can actually get to\nand doesn't have any closed roads and\nthat sort of thing. I've got somewhere\nin mind.\n>> All right. I'm going to hit\n>> I think you're going to hit the tree.\n>> Am I hitting it?\n>> Yeah. Well, stop. Stop.\n>> Check.\n>> Um, yeah.\n>> Yeah. Can you go wider?\n>> Hang on. I'm just going to put the air\nsuspension down.\n>> Oh, okay.\n>> Down.\n>> Yeah.\n>> Not really, but if you can just go like\nthat much wider, it'd be fine.\nLike that direction?\n>> Yeah.\n>> Good.\n>> Yeah.\npickle\n>> cuz I have to go that way.\n>> There's a big rock down here. I'm going\nto have to go around again and suss it\nout and\njust watch out.\nGood.\n>> Yeah,\nwe're out.\n>> We forgot there was another really\ntricky bit to get in.\nWe had to go this way around.\nAnd like we could come in wide on the\nway in, but on the way out I don't know.\nIt's going to be a little bit tricky.\n>> Yeah.\n>> Oh, good.\nWhat was that?\nOh yeah, it's I think you just hit that.\nYeah, you hit that.\n>> The what's in the quallet?\n>> What?\n>> The what's in my closet?\n>> Where? Oh yes, of course. That's known\nwith utes. I probably should have moved\nthat back more. E, that's the first time\nthat's happened.\n>> Uhhuh.\n>> It's cuz we're on a\n>> Yeah.\n>> Oh gosh. I'll be fine.\n>> That bang just made my heart drop so\nmuch.\n>> Ready?\n>> Uhhuh.\n>> Yeah. It shouldn't be touching anymore.\n>> No, you got like 5 cm.\n>> Yeah.\n>> No, it's bigger.\n>> Wow.\nOkay,\nI think you're clear now.\nI am not used to seeing this size of a\ncaravan on a lean.\n>> That's pretty good.\n>> Pretty good.\n>> That's probably the most like stressful\ncaravan situation we've got ourselves\ninto so far.\n>> It wasn't even that stressful, eh?\n>> I know, but we are still newbies when it\ncomes to 21 ft. Yeah. But it's actually\nlike it's actually a lot of fun learning\nit all.\n>> Yeah.\n>> Like I really enjoy it.\n[Music]\n>> Wow.\nWe are literally in the clouds. this\nthis like I I need to have full\nconcentration.\n>> Yeah, sorry. I'll just have a little\nchat. So, as you guys know, we picked\nthe van up in Perth. We traveled all\nthrough Western Australia, the North\nEnd, and through the Northern Territory.\nAnd uh we sort of forget that those are\nvery flat parts of Australia. And now\nwe've come into this part of Queensland.\nWe just driven through Raven's Hoe or\nRaven's shoe. I'm going to say Raven's\nHoe. Let me know in the comments. I have\nno idea. But that is Queensland's\nhighest town. So what goes up must come\ndown. And\n>> so we're on our way down now. And didn't\neven think about this happening, but\nit's the first time I've towed such a\nbig fan. And I got to work out all the\nbrake settings, work out how long the\nbrakes work until they get too hot. So,\nwe're like we're like in second gear\njust back there for like a good 5\nminutes just going downhill.\n>> Yeah.\n>> And I just completely forgot about it.\n>> There's this truck in front of us and\nyou know how like the left lane to they\nstay in the left lane to let people pass\nthem and stuff and they were fully\nbreaking like come on. And we're like no\n>> hell no I'm not going any faster.\n>> We'll stay behind you buddy.\n>> But it's uh yeah it's a good learning\nexperience. It's a whole new setup and\nit's a whole heap of weight to stop in\nan emergency. So,\n>> I like to keep a lot of distance and\n>> it's it's good. It's good learning.\n>> It's so green.\n>> It's good to be back.\n>> Yeah. Oh, wow. It's so green. It's a\ngolf course. But no, it is really really\ngreen.\n[Music]\nIt's\n>> raining. It's pouring.\n>> It's kind of nice though.\n>> Snoring.\n>> But yeah,\n>> it is nice.\n>> Looks like our plans are a little bit\nout the window today though. It's just\num\n>> it's going to be a work day now. Yeah,\nwe'll have a cozy little work day and\nwe'll get back to you tomorrow and\nhopefully get a bit more of exploring\ndone.\n>> We'll see you at the crack of dawn.\n[Music]\nMorning\n[Music]\n[Music]\neveryone.\n>> Oh.\nOh, yes. Close that.\n>> Is the other one open?\n>> Uh, no. No, no.\n>> We've had the It is open.\n>> Oh my god, the bed's so wet.\n>> No, we left the sun roofs open. We've\nhad the best morning this morning, guys.\n>> It was so beautiful.\n>> We're taking it so slow.\n>> I know.\n>> It's just beautiful. So, we're at\nTropical Whoopin.\n>> Help. Help me. Help me.\n>> It's not Jack keeps going to say whoop\nwhooping cough.\n>> Whooping cough. We're at Tropical\nWhoopen Creek and it's a hip cam and it\nis hands down the best hip cam in the\nwhole of Australia. Oh, Queensland\n>> cuz there's some pretty good.\n>> It was only that that one in South\nAustralia that No, but I think like as\nfar as value goes and how so kind and\nfriendly Larry and Moi, the owners are.\nOh my gosh,\n>> he's put so much effort into the\ncampsites and it's it really shows. We\nactually got the caravan into this spot\nand it's it's a pretty big slope, right?\nAnd look at the jockey wheel. I've never\ndone this before, but it took it took me\nabout 20 30 minutes trying to get it in\nhere. But have a look at this. Our\njockey wheels at the lowest it can be.\nAnd that was all just so we could be as\nclose as we could to the river.\n>> These are the things that Jack has to do\nfor me because I'm like, well, imagine\nthe video. You walk out the door and you\ngot this amazing view of the creek.\n>> So that's what we have to do.\n>> It's beautiful. So we are going to try\nand go on an adventure today.\n>> Don't know if we're going to be able to\nwith the rain, but I think\n>> we are positive attitude. Also, this is\nlike our third attempt at going and\ndoing\n>> something. I feel like that's all we've\ntried to do this video. Just going and\ntrying to do something.\n[Music]\nSince we don't have feel cam or smell\ncam, I'm going to explain to you what it\nsmells like here and feels like. So,\nfirstly, oh, Marfly. Firstly, it smells\nwet,\nthick.\n>> Is that right?\n>> Yeah. But fresh.\n>> But fresh. Yes. It feels like it would\ngive you life and then it feels\nthick\nbut nice on the skin.\n>> Is that I don't know how to explain it.\n>> There's There's like a weird feeling in\nhere cuz it's so tropical is what I'm\ngetting at, guys.\n>> Yeah. See if you can get some like scale\nof the trees going.\n>> Yeah. Let's look here. Have a look at\nthis. Look,\nit's full tropical. This tree is huge.\nIt's amazing. I'm so happy to be back.\n>> I know. Me, too.\n>> It's great.\n>> So, we come to Josephine Falls. We have\nbeen here once before, but it was after\na really, really heavy rain, so we\ncouldn't swim. We can only look at it.\nSo, hopefully if the sun stays out this\nmorning, we can go for a little dip.\n>> Oh, yeah. Back on that field cam and\nsmell cam. I reckon if you created that,\nwhoever creates it is going to be a\nmulti-billionaire. That's what I was\nthinking the other week. Like surely\nthat technology would be\n>> on its way\n>> about as simple to create as virtual\nreality and that sort of thing.\n>> Yeah. Anyway, there you go.\n>> You just got to like spray a bit of\nsmell in the air, you know,\n>> fill your camera up with all the\ndifferent chemicals. Anyway, there you\ngo. Thoughts with Jack and Megan through\na tropical rainforest.\n[Music]\nThis is amazing. I think last time we\nwere here, all of this was submerged.\n>> Yeah.\n>> So, you couldn't get this view of the\nwaterfall. And I didn't realize that\nthere was all these little individual\npools as well.\n>> It's stunning.\n>> So pretty.\n>> It's going to be cold, though. Little\nwater test for you, guys. Foot warning.\nOh yeah, that's that is 100% colder than\nthe Northern Territory. That is not how\nthe water felt over there.\nWhenever we visit places like this, we\nget really excited when we take photos\nof everything and we end up spending\nlike 2 and 1/2, 3 hours here. I really\nhope I got the shot cuz it's stunning.\nMegan will always line a shot up for me,\nbut then I'll always move the camera a\nlittle bit to what I think looks good\nand then we always get in an argument.\nBut I reckon I got it.\n>> Did you get a banger?\n>> I hope so. I was just saying how you\nalways line a shot up and then I'll\nalways change it cuz I think it looks\nbetter and then we get\n>> and then I get annoyed\n>> and then we get an argu\n>> I hope I got it.\n>> Wow, that's so pretty. I think it's\ngoing to be\n>> it's like enchanted forest vibes. It's\nso pretty.\nWow.\n>> Oh, I love it. I love it. I love it. I\nlove it.\n>> Great, guys.\n>> These ones are definitely colder than\nthe than the NT.\nThis is what I wanted in the NT. It was\nfreezing cold water.\n>> Oh my gosh. Okay. Ready?\n>> Morning. Cold one.\n>> I'll count you down. Three, two, one,\ngo.\n>> Another one. 3 2 1\nI don't know how slow it is.\nOh my.\nMaybe just give it like 5 minutes.\nOkay, it's fine.\nHello. Um,\n>> if you are still here,\n>> firstly, thank you. Secondly, just um,\nignore the fact that we have yet to take\nany of your suggestions on board of a\nbetter way to dry washing inside the\ncaravan. The one about the rod that um,\nthey hung up in their shower is a really\ngood one. We will get there eventually.\nWe probably won't, you know, us. But\nanyway, we had planned to end the vlog\nthere, but we have a few announcements\nthat we need to make.\n>> Hang on. Yeah. I want I want to be\ninvolved. I want to be involved.\n>> Oh, yes.\n>> Oh, that's a very bad one.\n>> So,\n>> how about that? Yep. That'll be fine.\n>> Do you want to just hold it? Otherwise,\nwe got to move all our office around.\nCan you tell this is kind of last\nminute?\n>> This is terrible. If you're still here,\nthank you. You're an OG. If you've\nclicked off, well, then that's I guess\nthey'll never know that I said that's\nyour problem cuz you're gone. We got\nthree things to tell you. Okay. Megan's\ngoing to tell you the first two.\n>> I was going to take that off. Anyway, um\nfirstly, I just want to say thank you so\nmuch for watching. Um especially if you\nare still here in this point of the\nvideo. We really appreciate it. And\nalso, thank you for all of your lovely\ncomments on last week's video because if\nyou didn't notice the way that the\ncampsites had gone, we actually filmed\nthat one earlier and held on to it cuz\nwe were a little bit nervous to post it.\nSo,\n>> we had that video in the bank for two\nweeks.\n>> Yeah. Having all of your feedback last\nweek was really, really lovely. Also, if\nyou have made it to this part of the\nvideo and you're not subscribed, please\ndo so. That's the first time we've\nremembered to ever ask for that. Um, it\nreally, really does help us out as a\nchannel. So,\n>> please do that. It's free to do and the\nbutton is right there for you to go and\ndo.\n>> Our goal, our goal for the end of the\nyear, which is 2 months ago, was 100K.\nWe did get it.\n>> Well, we could gain 40,000 subscribers\nin 2 months. It took us 5 years to get\n60k.\n>> Stranger things have happened. Okay, so\nfirst announcement is if you remember\nfrom a few episodes ago, we picked up\nthis little souvenir for you guys in\nBroom and we asked if you could please\nleave us a comment of what is your\nspecial campsite.\n>> Ours is Quandong Point\nthere on the card\n>> because it holds so much sentimental\nvalue to us.\n>> Yes.\n>> So we Where'd my phone go? I think\nyou'll really like the comment because\nwe really really loved it. So, Trot 72\nsaid, \"Hey guys, my favorite campsite is\nthe 30 km sand hills along the Frink\nDesert Racrack. I met a girl there once\nand you could say the rest is history.\nShe's now my wife and 28 years on and\nthree kids later, we still go 2,000 km\nback there to camp every couple of\nyears.\"\n>> That's a story.\n>> That's so special. So, um\n>> I love a good story like that. Thank you\nso much for sharing all of your comments\non that. We really love to read that\nsort of thing. So, shot 72, please send\nus an email or a um DM on Facebook or\nInstagram if that's easier for you.\n>> Instagram's best bet. We don't really\ncheck Facebook too much. So,\n>> um Instagram would be\n>> But we'll keep an eye out for your\nmessage and then we'll get your address\nand send that on.\n>> Second thing\n>> with a little message.\n>> Yes, we'll put a nice message in there\nfor you. The second thing is Caravan RV\nCamping have a a lot of sales coming up\nthis year for the end of the year and\nthey've given us a new code JM50 for\nanything over $1,700. Put JM50 in and\nyou'll get $50 off. Yeah.\n>> And we've still got our JM30\ndiscount code as well. Anything over\n$300 gets you $30 off with the JM30\ncode.\n>> I can't believe I just did\n>> I know. You did so good with that. You\nnever That's not a big That was first\ntake, guys.\n>> Wow.\n>> Um I kept going to like Buddian cuz I\nwas like he's going to in a second.\n>> So yeah, JM50, that's a pretty big\ndiscount. Um just go check out what\nthey've got on their store. If you're\nplanning on spending a big amount of\nmoney, go and use that code. So the last\nthing, guys, you're an OG follower, you\nstay till the end. This is pretty cool.\nMyrtle, our old caravan. The people that\nbought her have started a YouTube\nchannel\n>> and they have awesome characters.\n>> They're doing weekly videos. So Myrtle\nlives on on YouTube and we honestly\n>> it's so funny us watching them because\num they've just they've started a\nbeautiful series traveling with um her\nparents, Shel's parents and I literally\nstart started tearing up watching them\nlike make Myrtle their own home and add\nall of their unique things to it. And\nthen them were all just sitting around\neating dinner at Myrtle's table. I\nliterally started crying. We I think we\ninfluenced them to start a YouTube\nchannel because when they bought Myrtle,\nthey went back and watched every single\nvideo and I think we've motivated them\nto like start a channel and share\nmemories in Myrtle. That's the name of\nthe YouTube channel and that's so cool\nto see. So there you go. There's the\nthree things. Thank you for watching.\n>> Thank you.\n>> I reckon like 85% of people have clicked\noff already. Nah, I honestly believe we\nhave the best community on YouTube and\nso can't understate how grateful we are\nthat you're all here with us. Um, and\nalso actually there's a fourth thing. We\nhave a very\n>> there is\n>> we have a very exciting brand new series\ncoming in a couple of weeks\n>> which we're going to try and do.\n>> No, Megan's pretty certain we can do it.\n>> I am so certain. It's going to be\nchallenging and uncomfortable a little\nbit for us, but I think it's going to\nhave so much value for you and I think\nit's going to be great.\n>> It's going to be hard.\n>> Yeah.\n>> I Yeah, I'll believe it when I say that\ncuz it's going to be that hard. Anyway,\nthanks guys. See you.\n>> See you.